hello now i'm in porto alegre resume in
the place on Natasha she's hosting me
and a broader Turkish coffee hi hey now
i will teach you to cook turkish coffee
we never put direct water to the upper
cap you should measure the water check
how many so 2 this is 1 and this is for
the second we always measure according
to the cops and then we ask how do you
take your coffee sweet dude sugar or low
sugar middle where is the sugar it's
right here in the cabinet ok let me take
the sugar it's on the white thing no no
this one right yes so you say Mikal
should be right yeah ok then i can put
two spoonfuls good in the water and then
we put really quite a bit coffee don't
be stuffy strong the spoons are here yes
forgive her phone so this is a big big
spoon I put one two three and four for
two people okay and then I mix it are
you sure you can get this one okay then
you put it on the little file okay just
turn all the way hotter and so need to
mix it up they get mix okay
your coffee needs to get these well
because the water is fourth allegra
water it's cold water yeah it's all next
and then when it reached there are
different theories some some coffee
experts say you should always mix it up
to the boil slowly and I also leave some
places that three times and great then
three times again and then wait three
times and some say you should mix it
three times right three times left but
the other says no it's not good to mix
it universe wait what do you do I do
mixin way it's my my way and the
important thing in Turkish coffees as
soon as it boils you have to take it out
from the fire okay and exactly that one
otherwise it worse if you keep a few
seconds more so we call it it comes up
to you so it is exactly the time you
take it out roll in five
we should miss that moment so you should
watch it carefully
probably a few seconds
oh the line was cold yeah really cold
thing
so boils keep it up
good
so it comes a bit up and I can take it
and then we share it okay the foam is
important in Turkish coffee so i put
here and here because I want to divide
the phone okay then if it did the foam
is not good you can fit for a few
seconds for more fall and then which one
is more fall you'll give it to your
guests or your respected one for example
when in Turkey event boy and girl starts
to get married and it is elite well that
the boy's parents go to yours family to
ask for the girl they say okay they have
decided but we ask we request your girl
and then the girl cooks Turkish coffee
and that can t have to be perfect hi
mother of the boy checks the coffee so
if the coffee is not perfect she may
decide this girl will not be a good wife
for his son her son so that's a really
important to 12 okay let's save our
coffee thank you thank you it is my
pleasure natassia